README.md, before:

This is a scaffolding project for Node.js and Express applications. It provides a basic structure and configuration to help you get started quickly with building web applications using Node.js and Express.

## Getting Started
To get started with this scaffolding project, follow these steps:
1. Clone the repository to your local machine.
2. Navigate to the project directory.
3. Install the dependencies by running `npm install`.
4. create a `.env` file in the root directory and add your environment variables.you can use the `.env.example` file as a template.
5. create a `config.js` file in the `src/config` directory and add your configuration settings. you can use the `config.example.js` file as a template.
5. go to root directory and run `npm run dev` to start the development server.

## Directory Structure
```
.
├── src
│   ├── config
│   ├── controllers
│   ├── middlewares
│   ├── repositories
│   ├── routes
│   ├── services
│   ├── utils
│   ├── app.js
└── tests
    ├── unit
    └── integration
```
## Testing
- will be added soon

Commit message:

Add Sequelize initialization and model loading in index.js; update README for configuration instructions

README.md, after:

This is a scaffolding project for Node.js and Express applications. It provides a basic structure and configuration to help you get started quickly with building web applications using Node.js and Express.

## Getting Started
To get started with this scaffolding project, follow these steps:
1. Clone the repository to your local machine.
2. Navigate to the project directory.
3. Install the dependencies by running `npm install`.
4. create a `.env` file in the root directory and add your environment variables. you can use the `.env.example` file as a template.
5. create a `config.js` file in the `src/config` directory and run `npx sequelize init` to initialize the Sequelize configuration.
5. go to root directory and run `npm run dev` to start the development server.

## Directory Structure
```
.
├── src
│   ├── config
│   ├── controllers
│   ├── middlewares
│   ├── repositories
│   ├── routes
│   ├── services
│   ├── utils
│   ├── app.js
└── tests
    ├── unit
    └── integration
```
## Testing
- will be added soon
